Anniversaries are very special occasions. On this day, the couple celebrates their day by going out to party, having candlelight dinner, having champagnes and cutting cakes. It’s a day of enjoyment, celebration, and having fun. On this day, not only couples but also families, friends, and neighbours join the celebration. It’s a day that takes you back to the start. To the moment when the journey of marital life began. Everyone secretly loves to recall the happy occasion of their anniversary. These occasions come once a year, so, we should all celebrate this day with full positivity and with a full heart! 

These funny anniversary wishes for a friend are the best way to express love, and laughter and to celebrate their ever-after. 

Happy Anniversary, my friend. Cheers to another year of suffering and misery. LOL. Anyway, Relish your day with full energy and joy. Have fun!

I remember seeing lovebirds at the national zoo. You guys remind me of that. ROFL. Anyway, have fun and make more beautiful memories together. God bless you. Happy Anniversary to both of you!
Happy Anniversary, my dear. You know, your marriage won’t be blessed if you don’t invite your friends to your anniversary. LOL. Anyway, stay blessed and enjoy your lovely day. Have a great time!

Happy Anniversary to one of the loveliest couples I have ever known. Enjoy another year of tolerance. Cupid must have a great sense of humour to match you two up, haha. Anyway, have a lovely time together and stay cool!

Happy Anniversary, my friend. I wonder why your partner tolerated you for so many years. LOL. By the way, have a delightful day and stay pragmatic. Have fun!
Happy Anniversary, my dear friends. Frankly speaking, you two are outliers. It’s not normal for couples to love one another the way you guys do. LOL. Anyway, have a beautiful day and make wonderful memories. Cheers!

Wish you a very lovely and Happy Anniversary, my friend. If you want a long-lasting marriage, then accept your all mistakes even if you are right, haha. Anyway, have a glorious day and always stick together. Love you!

You are both so annoying to each other yet so lovable to all of us. Anyway, enjoy your day and make more and more memories. May God bless you both. Happy Anniversary to my lovely couple!
Happy Anniversary, my dearest friend. I want to tell you that marriage is like a workshop, where the husband works and the wife shops. LOL. Anyway, have a lovely time and many more years to come. Enjoy!

Happy Anniversary, my dear. Enjoy another year of suffering and tolerance. Anyway, have a gracious day, and may the Almighty shower all the happiness on you. Enjoy!

Happy Anniversary. Marriage is a voyage that takes you from ‘you are one of the best I have ever known to you are good for nothing.' Just kidding. Anyway, have a great time and enjoy!

Happy Anniversary. Marriage is like a circus in which sometimes the husband is a clown or sometimes the wife is a clown. Both have to entertain each other a lot in this whole journey. LOL. Anyway, stay fresh and have fun!

Marriage is all about love and respect. You both have to do this a lot for each other. Moreover, you both have to bear the tantrums of each other a lot as other couples do, just kidding. By the way, have a lovely time and stay positive. Happy Anniversary!

Happy Anniversary. I am sure you have already found out why the words ‘shopping’ and ‘parties’ are more relatable to marriage than love, haha. Anyway, enjoy your day and stay amused!

Happy Anniversary. Enjoy another year of suffering, pain, and tolerance. Just kidding. Anyway, have a wonderful time and stay blessed!

A marriage anniversary is the best day to celebrate so many things like love, trust, envy, partnership, tolerance, and quarrels and this list goes on till it becomes like, “well, we don’t have anything new to celebrate, so for what else we can celebrate this day now?” HaHa, just kidding. Anyway, enjoy your lovely day and always keep smiling. Happy Anniversary!

Happy Anniversary. A marriage is like a soap opera that you can make fun of anywhere like on social media, but you still have to watch and bear it, because your family likes it. LOL. Anyway, have a glorious day and enjoy!

I wonder how did you two tolerate each other for so many years? LOL. Just kidding. Anyway, enjoy your memorable day with lots of happiness and fun. Happy Anniversary!

Happy Anniversary. Life is too short to be in a long-lasting marriage. Isn’t it, my friends? LOL. Anyway, enjoy your precious time and stay happy, both of you!

One thing, I have learned from your marriage is that marriage is like an open boxing match. Both of you, always keep punching and smacking each other, full of love, tantrums, quarrels, and tolerance. HaHa. Anyway, have a wonderful day and keep shining. Happy Anniversary!

I assume that God must have struck some superglue between you two on the day of your wedding. Both of you seem so attached that no one can separate you both for eternity. LOL. Just kidding. Anyway, have fun and make more beautiful memories together. Happy Anniversary!

Love makes the world go crazy and round. It makes everyone blind and deaf. The same is the case with both of you. LOL. Anyway, always stick together and relish your day with love and happiness. Happy Anniversary!

In the past, both of you used to be so fun-loving and full of life. Now, look at you both, it seems like you are going crazy and irritable. This is because of your behaviour towards each other. LOL. Just joking. Anyway, stay pragmatic and make some more wonderful memories. Happy Anniversary!

Happy Anniversary. I have stopped watching my favourite comedy serial because I love watching the quarrels between you two in the comical fashion that you always do. ROFL. Anyway, have a marvellous day and stay fresh, both of you!

Marriage is just like the battlefield. Sometimes, the wife wins, or sometimes, the husband wins. This is very common in couples. This same thing applies to both of you. LOL. Just kidding. By the way, have fun and God bless you both. Happy Anniversary!

I was thinking and planning to make a beautiful and delicious cake at home, but I dropped this idea because I already have the sweetest thing in the world at home, that is, you. LOL. Anyway, stay fresh, and may God shower all his blessings on us. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

You are always right, and I am always wrong. That’s why you chose me, and I chose you. LOL. Anyway, always keep blushing and shining. May God blesses us with loads of happiness and joy. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

Beautiful things in life are often short-lived. And yet, this is so good that you both are holding each other’s hands to this day. LOL. By the way, enjoy your day and keep glowing. Stay blessed. Happy Anniversary!

I hope that still, you both are not sick of each other. You still are tolerating each other a lot. LOL. Just joking. Anyway, have a lovely day and be positive. Stay fresh. Happy Anniversary!
Today, I celebrate the day, you finally gave up on trying to find a better man than me. LOL. Anyway, stay cool and always keep smiling. May Almighty blesses us with loads of happiness. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

Marriage is like a war where the wife always wins. This is the same situation here. LOL. Anyway, wishing you lots of happiness and charms. Stay energetic and keep smiling. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

With flowers in my hands and a smile plastered on my face, I am happy for both of us to be alive to this day, haha. Anyway, wish you loads of happiness and excitement. Always be happy and be positive. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

In every fight of us, mostly, you win, and I seriously pray to God that further also, you must win. LOL. By the way, wish you loads of good vibes and happiness. Always keep shining and growing. Happy Anniversary, my dear wife!

You made me a religious man from a lounger. I pray to God for redemption every day now. LOL. Anyway, wish you all the blessings and happiness. Believe in yourself and have faith. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

You know that you are a great cook. If I wish, then, I will make you cook with your own hands for the rest of my life. Just joking. Anyway, wish you tons of excitement and joy. Always keep blushing and smiling. Happy Anniversary, my sweetheart!

Today, I celebrate the day, you finally gave up on trying to find a better man than me. LOL. Anyway, wish you loads of contentment and enjoyment. May God keeps us together for eternity. Happy Anniversary, my wife!

Happy Anniversary, my dear. Today, I wanted to take you to a five-star hotel, but then I realized no chef could cook better than you. So, let’s celebrate this day with a candlelight dinner at home, hehe. Anyway, wish you loads of happiness and enjoyment. Stay amused and amazed!

Before marrying you, I was a fun-loving and happy-go-lucky man, but after marrying you, I am full crazy and cranky. That’s what men become when they marry someone like you. LOL. Just kidding. By the way, wish you all the happiness and success in life. Stay fresh. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

Happy Anniversary, my dear wife. Believe me, I am not at all sick of you yet. God has given me enough strength to deal with you forever. LOL. Anyway, I wish you all the best in your life. Stay positive and have faith!

Happy Anniversary, my cutie pie. God has blessed me to deal with you and with your tantrums for a lifetime. Moreover, he has blessed me enough to pamper you forever. LOL. Anyway, wish you loads of charms and blessings. Stay happy and keep growing!

Happy Anniversary, my dear husband. You are like electricity because whenever I am around you, I can feel the sparks of love and joy. LOL. Anyway, I wish you tons of happiness and contentment. Stay delighted!

Happy Anniversary, my dear hubby. You might have lots of complaints about me, but dear believe me, they are just as useless as your mobile. LOL. Anyway, wish you all the good vibes and enjoyment. Stay energetic and happy!

Happy Anniversary, my dear hubby. I am so thankful to God that he has given me enough strength to deal with your vicious anger. I pray to God that further, he gives me strength so that I can deal with your anger calmly. ROFL. Anyway, wish you all the success in your life. Stay fresh and happy!
On this special occasion, I want you to know that you are the cutest man I have ever known. I wish I could eat you like ice cream. LOL. Anyway, I wish you all the glory in your life. Stay positive and happy. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

On this beautiful day, I want you to know that you are one of the sweetest men I have ever known. I wish I could pour you like a sugar cube, in a cup of hot tea and eat you alive. LOL. Anyway, wish you all the wonders in your life. Keep smiling and shining. Happy Anniversary, my dear husband!

Thank you for everything, especially for being my piggy bank. You know that I can use your credit cards for my shopping and makeup items whenever I want. LOL. Anyway, wish you all the success in your life. Always keep laughing and have faith. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

Happy Anniversary, my other half. Let’s celebrate the day you gave up on finding anyone better than me. You can never go away from me. LOL. Anyway, I wish you all the good luck and best wishes. Always remain positive and be happy!

On this special day, I want you to know how much I love annoying you. Thank you for putting up with me, haha. Anyway, wish you all the pleasures in your life. God bless you and have faith. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

I can spend the rest of my life in your arms and I wish that you can pamper me throughout your life. LOL. Anyway, I want to wish you all the very best in your life. Stay energetic and fresh. Happy Anniversary, my hubby!

I want to spend the rest of my life waking you up at midnight to show you more and more hamster videos. LOL. By the way, I wish you all the glory and success in your life. Just stay cool and cute. Happy Anniversary, my soul mate!

“I will love you even when you will be old and cranky. Happy Anniversary, my darling!”
“Cheers to another year of suffering and misery. Happy Anniversary, my hubby!”
“A wedding band is the smallest handcuff ever made I am glad to have you in my life. I chose you wisely. Happy Anniversary, my dear!”

“I love being married. It’s so nice to find someone special you want to annoy for the rest of your life. For that, I have chosen you. Happy Anniversary, my other half!”

“Marriage is like a three-ring circus, the engagement ring, the wedding ring, and suffering. Happy Anniversary, my love!”

“Today marks another year of the best decision you ever made, my hero. Happy Anniversary, my love!”

“I am so happy that, some years ago, I found the one person I want to annoy for the rest of my life, that’s you. Happy Anniversary, my hubby!”

“A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband. LOL. Happy Anniversary, my dear husband!”

“Marriage is like a workshop, where the husband works and wife shops. Happy Anniversary, my love!”
“Marriage is a relationship in which one is always truthful and the other is the husband. Happy Anniversary, my hubby!”

May our Anniversary be the start of new challenges. I wish you all the very best. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

Thank you for choosing me to spend your life with. Love you always. Happy Anniversary, my sweetheart!

Thank you for being the reason for my smile. Always love you endlessly. Happy Anniversary, my dear!

My dear, you are the true and loyal man who supports his wife in every aspect of life. I love you. Happy Anniversary, my other half!

I am so blessed to have you in my life. Thank you for making my life so blissful. Happy Anniversary, my love!

I am so lucky to have you as my husband and this is one of the best days of my life. Happy Anniversary to you, my dear hubby!

May all your dreams come true. I wish you all the very best. Love you. Happy Anniversary, my husband!

Thanks for being in my life. You are everything to me. Happy Anniversary, my dear!
You have made me a better person by loving me for who I am. I am always yours. Happy Anniversary, my darling!

Thank you for being there for me always. You are always like a strong pillar for me. Love you. Happy Anniversary, my hubby!